In this lecture we will test the cancel
order method for the negative scenario
wherein the update method should return
0 value and then the result that comes
back from cancel order should be false
instead of true let's do that in easy
steps we can copy entire test case
because we have already stubbed out what
we need in here just need to change some
values cancel order should not cancel the order
so change the method to that and in here when
we are stubbing out the update method on
the DAO change the value from 1 to 0 that's
all we need to do and here instead of assert
true we will do assert false on the
Junit library everything else remains the
same still the read method should be called
update method should be called we have
to verify for that the right click or
we can go to the play button run as
junit test everything is green so we
have simply tested or cancel order
method for the negative scenario by
changing the return value from 1 to 0 and
asserting for falls instead of true.